All Streaming Questions here (NHL.TV, Sportsnet, NBC, ESPN, etc.... ) NO ILLEGAL STREAMS
All New Fans Post Here - Questions on Rules, What Team Should You Cheer For, How to Watch, What you Should Look For, etc...
It was my dream to watch The great 8 and the team in real life and I go 1400 kilometres from Nunavut to Winnipeg so that my dream could come true thanks to my mom and dad.
Who has the best Goalie mask of all time ??? NHL only
Worst part of digital ads
Alex Ovechkin's 800th goal celebration, December 13, 2022 Vs Chicago Blackhawks
Reaves levels Hronek with a massive hit. Replay looks like Hronek's head was the principle point of contact. Hronek hurt - no penalty to Reaves.
Quality guy that Kane
Found another one
found a bunch of old signed sticks, can anyone identify any of the signatures?
Ovechkin goals against each team
As a fan, should we really care about the revenue going up?
Ovechkin has scored against 165 goalies. Here’s all of them.
Jordon Bourgeault on Instagram "LAVA MASK!! Full process!!! painting @markstrom25 ‘s @nhlflames LAVA MASk
In response to Bettman saying polling showed people prefer digital ads, let’s see if that’s true
Congratulations The Great Eight.
Newish Fan
Team Canad World Juniors Pump Up 2023
Does anyone know where I can find the hat Carey is wearing in this interview?
Jason Robertson - DIP (Highlights)
Old school Bruins studs 3️⃣5️⃣,7️⃣7️⃣,8️⃣ 🇨🇦🐻🥅🏒❄️ original 6 team
Bowl Contest
On The Occasion of Ovechkin getting Goal #800, here is a photo of Alex and Gordie Howe from an All-Star Game some years ago. It's humbling to see Alex Ovechkin in the same breath as one of the all time legends.
What is going on with Jonathan Huberdeau?
Best Youtuber's
Anyone get a weird test screen just now during the Ottawa/ Montreal game?
Gary Lieman.
I started using the NHL API to pull play-by-play data for the Stars. Lots of cool possibilities. Been posting in game stuff on Twitter @VizWhat. I plan on pulling in league-wide data once I clean it up and have some more curated views.
What is an NHL conspiracy theory that you believe?
How can I get Marc Andre Fleury's Autograph (Pittsburgh)?
Only in Arizona
Shootout analysis by Mike Kelly
Sports Unfolded NHL rankings
Ovechkin has 800
TNT/ESPN national games
Best NHL Film Breakdown, Scouting, Analytical, and Game Analysis Media/YT Channels Out There?
Alex Ovechkin's 800th goal was a hat trick
What changes would you like the NHL to make?
slowly but surely
Who had the best ‘THE Shift’?
Why is there such a strong push for white jerseys at home?
Blackout?
Reverse Retro 2020
Alex Ovechkin Scores His 800th Career Goal With a Hat Trick! (Video from inside the arena)
Donnie & Dhali w/ Friedge
Kraken Stick Man
800 for the great 8 tonight
People born in the early 2000s who was your favourite nhl player going up
Can/should the Kraken try to get Horvat?
Just started to get into Hockey and trying to find a team
Caps won't 'rebuild' as Ovechkin chases Gretzky
Why so many high scoring games this year?
Suzuki hit on Kadri
It appears the NHL actually does still own the Atlanta Thrashers rights 👀
Flashback to when the only words painted on the ice were "Season's Greetings" (1989 Bruins @ Maple Leafs)
Ovi comin in with his 800th goal👀
Lewis hit on Caufield
Using the exact same deke with 100% success rate
Birthplaces of all Hart Memorial Trophy Winners
A Hurricane fan's take on the Carolina vs Detroit game.
Reverse retros
My 600lb Goalie
Bo “Sweepstakes”
Brayden Point vs Elias Pettersson
[Wyshynski] Bettman says that digital dasherboard ad backlash is a “non-issue” because their polling indicates fans find games more watchable with those digital ads replacing physical ones.
My second run in with the Stanley cup in 4 months
Connor Mackey vs Michael Pezzetta
what are 3 things you would change if you could?
Alex Ovechkin needs 3 more goals until 800
Who's the 2nd worst ever exceptional status player?
Suzuki shootout goal
The only thing worse than a leafs fan is a bruins fan
Short handed to 4on4 back to short handed?
How many NHL games does it take for an AHL player to earn their NHL salary?
Who’s the greatest lightning of all time?
Ovi Hate is getting ridiculous
Is Jake Guentzel a top 100 player all time?
How can people not like hockey?
Oilers vs. Predators Tonight - Every Player They Have In Common - 4 Pics + Full List In Comments!
Erik Karlsson already has more points than in his previous 2 seasons.
My View of GUITARSLAYER's National Anthem Performance at Dallas vs Detroit
Should the NHL add / rename awards?
Who is the most overshadowed player the league has ever seen?
NHL Network gobbling up the games... as if people can watch them
Was the 2017 draft stacked?
Do the referees do their job by letting themselves be influenced by their favorite team?
Auston Matthews shouldn’t have won the MVP last year
I couldn’t think of a title
You can’t help but think that 50+ kids became forever cemented as a hockey fan that night alone
Vancouver Canucks focused on trade market after Bo Horvat rejects offer | TSN
Preview of the Carolina Hurricanes vs the Detroit Redwings
The Bruins Announcers…
Puck Control Clinic
Why do some people think Luongo wasn’t HHOF Worthy?
Absolutely, one of the best goalies of his era
Female-to-male transgender hockey player concussed by male-to-female rival in NHL-backed Team Trans Ice Hockey draft in Middleton, Wisconsin
NHL has the most diversity among all the NA Leagues
How do face-off stats work?
my favourite NHL player Jason Spezza has retired and i have no idea where my other favourite player Andrew Hammond is playing now. who should I cheer for?
Does this move have a name?
Chabot hits Hamonic in the face with his stick.
Why is Buffalo struggling when they have several first round picks?
Can someone give me a TLDR on the beginning of the NHL?
I am 15 and have always been interested in ice hockey how do I start?
Ranking The Top 10 Players In The NHL
Patrick ‘’Casseau’’ Roy.
Snapback for guys with big heads?
Does anyone else remember when the NHL Network would have these “Moments on Ice” shorts during commercial breaks? I have never been able to find any of them except for one and was hoping someone else might know where they could be.
Allstar game grumble
Bruins vs Blues for the Stanley Cup
in your opinion who is the biggest POS this season.
Who?
What’s your Stanley Cup Record?
Catty Alex Kovalev on ex-captain Saku Koivu: "definitely not an easy person to deal with"
Main logo coming off on $25 2007 Senators Jersey from ebay. What should I do?
Live in Indianapolis and have started to watch the NHL… really getting into the sport. Can’t believe what I missing out on for all these years. Need help finding at team. Any suggestions?
joffrey? Or young William Nylander?...
Montreal Canadiens - Calgary Flames
Which Team? Vegas vs. Boston
Australia leafs/Kapanen fans. I moved here from Toronto in March and brought my entire Kapanen game worn collection. Sadly I don't have the space to bring with me and I'm selling the helmet,stick,pants and skates. If interested please send me a message
Who is your favourite teams biggest draft bust from 2010-2019?
The Oilers are a disgrace to hockey
Jagr HOF
The NHL Network broadcast was brutal
Coyotes Bruins Fan Battle!
Is the NHL going to release a set of reverse retro 2.0 pucks?
If you don't like hockey, you're a bum. 😁
Morning Puck
Who are some players who are struggling so far this season and why?
A quick review of the Hurricanes vs the Islanders! For what it's worth anyways
Penalties
who was your first favorite player and who is your favorite now ?
how to watch the bruins vs golden knights game tonight? I don't see it on espn+
Tyler "Cotterpin" Toffoli
Most loved NHL Team
The Two Are The Best
What?
SeatGeek Tickets accepted but returned,
should NHL go back to White Jerseys for home games?
Islanders are bringing back the Fisherman Jerseys circa 1997
Which team's play by play commentators are the most biased?
On this day in 1987, Ron Hextall became the first goalie to score by shooting the puck into the net.
Sportsnet really needs to fact check better.
This beauty turned 12 today
The “Mount Rushmore” of each NHL franchise.
Who are some of your biggest Conn Smythe snubs?
Most expensive check ever
My honest opinion on NHL teams
If you could fight one NHLer who would it be?
Battling Billy Smith 🥅
Where will Kane be after the deadline?
SportsK Legit?
Gretzky vs Lemieux: Head-to-Head
Habs fans, clue me in here --- where did Arber Xhekaj work during the pandemic?
How the fuck did Samsonov become so good?
That call in FLA-TB of a good goal was ATROCIOUS.
A quick preview of the Canes @ the Islanders!
Caufield on pace for 48 goals, RFA thisummer --- what his next contract --- $11m AAV?
Is it icing if the puck clips the post? (Bruins vs Coyotes game)
Cole Caufield appreciation post!
Arizona vs. Bruins. A long time since I have seen such a poorly officiated game.
Just give this man the Vesna, no point in waiting untill the end of the season.
Working on sabres and rangers
Punishing clean hits.
Who are the current top 5 players?
prediction Horvat will go to Winnipeg for a defenseman and Draft pick where he will be the Jets new Captain.
Sabres National Anthems
Who would you rather have on your team?
This is the hockey chair.
I swear NHL jersey's where dark for home, light for away?
Reports coming in the @NHLBruins have signed FA Viktor Bout to a Three year entry level contact. Viktor will report to @AHLBruins @NHL @PR_NHL *Better Quality*
This is also the hockey chair
What is Arber Xhekaj's nickname?
Even point distribution (Leafs/Kings)
Friday night NHL
O Canada at the Sabres/Pens game?
Buffalo has 5 players over a point per game, is 1st in Goals For, but 24th in the Standings...
Ted!
[OC] Length of Time to Watch Professional Sports
Favourite mask? Patrick Lalime, Ed Belfour and Kelly Hrudey are up there for me.
Bought a Reebok Tyler Ennis jersey for $100 at a local vintage clothing spot. Did I pay a reasonable price? I can’t find it anywhere online.
PlayS of the day 12/9
Arizona fans how do you do it?
Bettman is 70 years old.
NHL POTD 12/9
yooooo who wants to to talk about hockey
Ladies and Gentlemen, the new owner of the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Great Emotional Tribute in Tampa to Ryan McDonagh in his return to Amalie Arena
Rivalries are great for hockey. Here are some places that need teams for solid Rivalries.
My top comment this year was… interesting.
Ovechkin will soon tie Kovalev for most games played by Russians
Blue Jackets being Slaughtered by Tage Thompson and the Buffalo Sabres.
Can we all observe a moment of silence for the Columbus Defense? Still a period to go.
Podcast Suggestions
What is the sub for NHL the games??
Broooo, y’all too funny
From an analytics perspective, how many extra wins per year does a Top 10-15 player add over a league average player?
Best way to watch nhl in Ontario? Cant currently afford sports nets cost
Gilles Gilbert goalie 7 years 1973-1980.
NHL Picks, Predictions, & Best Bets + Hockey Analytics 101 | Hockey Gambling Podcast (Ep. 105)
Habs "development" coach Adam Nicholas --- is there any steak behind the sizzle?
That time again boys.. who are your team’s top 3 players so far…
Hoping to see this once more in my lifetime so I can paint an update but here we are, absolutely nosediving. Enjoy my new painting! It may be all us NYR fans will get.
Would you be cool with making late season games 3 point games?
Are the Kraken for real?
Crosby exceptional season
People are so hard on the leafs. I hope they get passed the first round. I hope they make it to the finals.
BetsQC sur TikTok
Did Toronto fleece Ottawa
Casey Mittelstadt: a bust?
Might be a dumb question
Shane Wright 1st NHL goal
How would the game change if they removed the trapezoid?
Shane Wright stares down the Habs as he scores his first in the show !
When the NHL finally decides to relocate Arizona Coyotes where should they move to?
Caption this
If they still could go to the olympics this year would be goated Ik they were supposed to go last year but still. Also had sum fun with the last team.
Leaked Coversation Today With Gallant and Vince
Deciding on the best player from each NHL team
Which player would you build your team around?
With 4 minutes to go in the first, the Red Wings have zero giveaways. The Lightning have 9.
Is MoneyPuck a Meme Website?
What aspect of NHL is interesting?
Puljujarvi
BetsQC sur TikTok
Would the Islanders have won more cups in the 90s? Would he have the goal scoring record? What if...
Bob Probert vs Ken Baumgartner, 1988.
How relevent is Sportsnet/Steve Dangle to hockey?
Ducks and kings drawings
How would you rate Barzal’s season (say 1-100)? He’s about a point a game and is 5th in the league in assists but only has 3 goals. Thought it was a really interesting season for him so far.
Best Horn/Song combo in the show
5 GREATEST PLAYERS NEVER TO WIN A STANLEY CUP
An unbiased and completely professional analysis of the Carolina Hurricanes vs The Anaheim Ducks
BetsQC sur TikTok
Just watched a '79-'99 highlight reel of Gretzky. He played hockey like he invented not only the game, but the people playing it. How did his play style change the game?
Alex Ovechkin
How to buy the right jersey
Brodeur footage playing the puck?
Masterpiece
I’m sorry Rangers fans but…
In the Summer of 2010, we had the 'Taylor v Tyler' NHL Draft - TAYLOR HALL vs TYLER SEGUIN. Now, 12 Years later, who do you think has had the better Career thus far?
NHL Team Documentaries
Oilers Vs. Coyotes tonight @7:30 - Every Common Player! (7 Pics+Full List In Comments)
New to Reddit, surprised I got this username
What if Gretzky didn't get traded and the Oilers faced the Penguins in the 1991 final?
Good Team !
The Gift of Hockey
I wanna get into hockey any like tips or best teams to root for ?
Sports Unfolded NHL rankings
Oilers Lose to Capitals last night. Here's Every Common Player. (7 pics/Full List In Comments)
I was told the AI art made me look like NHL Jesus
Only in Florida
Anybody here remember the late 1970s Boston Bruins coached by Don Cherry?
Who’s winning round 1
Future Potential Neutral Site Outdoor Games
Blacked out incorrectly?
Anaheim Ducks to be ‘Mighty’ again?
Question about unlikely on an unlikely scenario
Is anyone in the entire world looking to get better gut health?
Winningest NHL Team of Each Decade
Why do the Rangers struggle with developing players?
Place your bets on hart trophy winner! This guy thinks it’ll be Robo
New fan, looking for ways to watch
Hate the guy, but I say yes
F$ck Nashville
Jets are going to win the cup this year, they look so good
Igor Shesterkin Crazy Glove save
What out-of-market team can you not bring yourself to watch?
NHL Failed this RR Jersey Release
Bandwagoning the Rags?
Psychology Survey for Finals *I've Procrastinated HELP ME OUT*
Fantasy Hockey Draft - Join 11:30 Start
Do you believe Anaheim is purposely tanking hard for Bedard
adidas Hawks Gordon Bombay Authentic Jersey
Brock Boeser trade rumors and Demko injury
Honestly would rather have watched the Anaheim Packers
What's your "pitch" on why someone should root for your team?
Jack Edwards just called the end board by the bench the “Pacioretty Panel”. In case anyone missed it
That DAL vs MIN game was unreal
Worth upgrading to NHL23
I’m adding Jordan Binnington to my nightmare blunt rotation list. Such an unlikeable person
Ethan Bear Jersey
Does anyone feel like competitive balance is a little off this year? Seems like a few dominant teams and everyone else
What are some good documentaries to help a new fan get into the sport?
This is Duke Harris. He was 32 years old when this photo was taken.
A logical solution
19-game point streak. That's a Leafs record. Remember when everyone (Toronto fans included) said he wasn't all that at the start of the year?
ESPN+ Past End of December?!?!
99 Jerseys. Down with Gretzky.
The most entertaining hockey history book?
What do you think of this play?
What's An NHL Team You Hate And Why?
Observation As A Newer Fan
last time was 9 seconds, this time was 430 of the third and all of OT. what in the actual f**k are they doing over there
Never knew they wrote out pre-dated tape for pucks in the box [COL@BOS 12-3-22]
Cumulative player fortunes (in today’s $$$) per HockeyZonePlus.com
A Keith and Matthew Tkachuk comparison. (my thoughts in the comments)
Digital Ads
Should Draft Kings stop hockey gambling?
Calgary and Chicago have the lowest top scorer in the NHL
Binnington Punches Jason Zucker in the head
Redline ricochet goal: Lightning v Flyers.
Who is a player that you can always count on for a fight?
Screen shot: All 10 on ice players literally behind Markstrom (hoping for the breakaway pass?)
How do you get a team logo to your profile? See them in comments all the time
Garbage hit by Edmundson
Any Xbox 360 hockey game that let's you pick countries?
The verdict is in
Valteri Bottas, confirmed Habs fan
What is the equivalent to a bat flip in baseball but in hockey?
Thoughts on Jordan Binnington trying to hit Staal?
NHL market restrictions in Indianapolis for Blackhawks only is totally effing ridiculous.
Who remembers Reavo and Steve Ott chirping at each other? Just some former teammates saying hello.
Here’s my latest watercolour sketch of Mitch Marners 18th game point streak. I was so happy for him & I got inspire to paint this moment. Hope you like it. 😁 🎨
Oilers Vs Canadiens 2Nite! Every Common Player! (5 Pics/Full List In Comments)
What guy on your team’s rival do you have a hard time hating?
Brady Tkachuk goes full Sloth from ‘the Goonies’ on Rangers Friday night
Markstrom Shooting Star
Jordan Binnington Tries to Lay Out Jordan Staal...
No Watching in Ontario?
If the Bruins Don't Win Another Cup With This Core , They Have Massively Underachieved in the Cap Era.
Val Fonteyne holds NHL record of 188 straight games without penalty
I live I Japan and tried to watch the pens Vegas game. I went to the nhl.tv app it kept telling me the stream wasn’t available and to try later when the game ended I went to the schedule to watch the completed game. normally you click a game two options home or away pop up but this was just blank. ?
One of my favorite pictures
This really shows how you should react to hate, with love and support.
Is there a worse stadium to watch a hockey game than Fenway Park?
I’m new and feel like this is a dumb question, but is it possible for the points to be out of order?
Jack Hughes Highlights 2020-2022 - "Chasin' You"
What/Who got you into hockey?
Curious to see some reaction from Sens fans to this
Shot on goal?
Lets take 30 secondes for this guy and his crazy wonderful Hockey passion ❤️
I got bored last night and through this together after another Redditor suggested Tom's song would make these videos better. Enjoy!
Probably a dumb question, but do we get an actual ticket similar to this at the winter classic? Obviously not a 12x20 framed poster but I wasn’t sure if they gave any cool freebies out at the winter classic games
A hockey player didn’t lose you money by scoring. You lost it by betting.
Torts won’t be happy about this!
Wish we had better walking vendors in arenas
To those saying lighten up about the comments made by Jack Edwards last night, this is the problem. We know Maroon is an athlete and hears much worse. But to the individuals listening that may suffer from body image don’t need to hear that. You have a platform Jack, do better
Pat Maroon, mocked by a broadcaster, donates to mental health charity in response
Does anyone else’s Instagram glitch out like this? Mine always does this it’s been like this for months now and it drives me crazy. Every video I watch restarts for no reason or freezes like you see from my screen recording. This happen to anyone else?
What just happened to Blues? 2-0 to 2-3 in a minute… completely collapsed.
Kirill Kaprizov - "Woah"
Which team has the longest Stanley Cup finals losing streak?
I’m from chicago and I am a blackhawks fan but I do want to find another team to support.
RnB artist SZA wearing a St. Louis Blues jersey in her new album cover
How we feeling about the 2023 Winter classic unis?
Martin Jones after allowing 8 goals but still ending up getting the W
[Pat Maroon] In support of those struggling with mental health, bullying and body image I am making a 2,000 donation in the name of Jack Edwards to Tampa Bay Thrives and I encourage Lightning and NHL fans to join me.
Not Ovechkin, it’s Marchand!
Here's a picture of actor Jay Baruchel lying on the floor and rocking a habs jersey
Valtteri Bottas forget F1, absolutely rocking the hockey look
good old hockey game lyric video
RARE - Bobby Orr & The Hockey Legends: Sid Smith interview (1984)
Alex Formenton sitting out season
Origin/History of goal horns
Oilers@Wild @6PM - Every Shared Player!
Jason Robertson: hot streak or underrated?
Dirty Dumba
adidas Mighty Ducks Conway Authentic Jersey (Release Date: December 4th)
There should be a coaches challenge for penalties on the ice its ridiculess how refs can ignore shit which causes goals and causes teams to lose a game
Jack Quinn called game!!
Sandin-Pellika pulls off the Suzuki
Who is your favourite player that isn't on your favourite team?
Trashy?
In an alternate universe
Penguins Defenseman Kris Letang 'Out Indefinitely' After 2nd Stroke: NHL
Kraken kings game be like
[NHL News] Alex Ovechkin is now the all-time leader for road goals scored with 403, passing Wayne Gretzky.
I would totally watch
Kris Letang is out indefinitely after suffering a stroke on Monday.
Why do people not like kucherov?
Trolling Maple Leafs
Borje Patch Now Available!
67’s alumni: Jack Quinn scores two, Toffoli’s 200th, & more - Ottawa 67s
A week in the life of n NHL TV analyst (former Player) - Whats the working schedule ? He is working only on Gamedays ?
Would Blackhawks goalie Tony Esposito be garbage in todays NHL? Or even against non professional players?
nhl "trickshot" moments but with music
The NYR have been nothing short of abysmal lately.. but I had fun doing this Panarin kick. What player should I do next? Tis the season!
Accurate You Say?!
Places to get nhl jerseys numbered
My dream
P% or RW for tiebreaking points in playoffs?
Ovechkin pases Gretzky for most road goals in NHL history.
NHL Picks - Wednesday 11/30 + Team & Player Futures Value Bets | Hockey Gambling Podcast (Ep. 100)
Patrice Bergeron has played 250 5v5 minutes now this season. Opponents have managed 3 goals and 26 total high danger chances in that time via Natural Stat Trick.
Does that count as an assist?
If Jack Edwards needs to be held accountable so does Frank Seravalli
What current NHL player is 100% worth their contract?
Historical Average Shots-per-game by player statistics
I find it hilarious that ESPN is very poorly advertising NHL hockey to me during NHL games.
I had an avalanche design but it got deleted 😞
Why Buffalo sabres should relocate to Hamilton.
The Edmonton Oilers have 3 players on their current roster who all played on the same minor hockey team
All 2022-23 primary LOGOS sorted into tiers on how well designed they are
Becoming a hockey fan - Sabres or Penguins?
Who is on the Red Wings Mt. Rushmore?
The goalies I grew up watching. I probably could've added Ryan Miller in there. I guess Fleury could be in Quick's place too. :(
Josh Morrissey (21 GP) recorded his 20th assist of the season for the @NHLJets. Only two active defensemen have reached the mark in fewer contests: Quinn Hughes (17 GP in 2022-23) and John Carlson (18 GP in 2019-20).
Tyler Myers, Alex Pietrangelo, Luke Schenn, Zach Bogosian, Steven Stamkos, and Drew Doughty pose together during the 2008 NHL Entry Draft Top Prospects Media Luncheon (May 26, 2008 in Detroit)
Do you know where Manitoba/Winnipeg is?
LA to Anehiem is about 30 mins away. Should the league move the ducks? Personally I don't think California needs 3 team?
The time I was told to kick Shae weber off a golf course.
Tiger Williams, Darryl Sittler and Lanny McDonald when they brought Borje Salming back to Maple Leaf Gardens for one last visit 🥺❤️
[TSN] This is awesome ♥️. Isaiah Meyer-Crothers, who was the victim of racist and other malicious bullying from Mitchell Miller, got to spend the day with Wayne Simmonds and will be going to tonight’s Leafs vs. Red Wings game. Happy 21st birthday, Isaiah!
Who are the Jets biggest rival?
Inline Hockey Newsletter by Rollerdad News
you probably get these types of posts lots but im a British person trying to get into American sports as well a football(the one you play with your feet) and I was wondering if someone could clue me up on some things
Razor: Jason Robertson is In The Right Spot at the Right Time | Stars Live
Here’s are some of the greatest goalies of all time from the past That I’ve painted. Which ones your favourite? 🎨
Sports Unfolded NHL rankings
Can New Orleans support an NHL team?
I know we're a couple years or more off, but this Sweden roster is pretty nice
Trouba tries to line up Hischier for a big hit- Misses. No response from the Devils
Lets play a game.
Auston Matthews and Mitch Marner - "Paradise"
I didn't know New Jersey played in blue...
Painting a Professional Ice Hockey Rink
Mom is clearing out stuff as she gets older and asked if I wanted these gems.
The Devils becoming amazing as soon as the Rangers were getting good
*CRAZY* Brawl starts in the stand and fan manages to knock himself out
Tickets to the draft
John Tavares circa 1939
The #Avs used 39 players all of last season. When Alex Galchenyuk and Jean-Luc Foudy play in Winnipeg, they'll have already used 32 this year. There's still 60+ games and the trade deadline to go.
Painting a Professional Ice Hockey Rink
[Colorado Avalanche] We have agreed to terms with forward Alex Galchenyuk for a one-year contract for the remainder of the 2022-23 season.
Who hates the Rangers more? Devils or Islanders?
What the heck is “NHL NET” and why do they have the rights to the game I’ve been looking forward to all week?
Who really broke the NHL Color Barrier? Taffy Abel 1926 or Willie O'Ree 1958
Will Bedard be a stud or bust?
Give me the best of the best.
What’s up with the Red Wings sweaters? I thought they were proud of being one of the very few teams with only 2 colors. This black will take me all game to get used to.
Race for the Rocket! Who you got?
Which NHL Player could have played another Professional Sport?
"All Of The Lights" - Jack Hughes and Jesper Bratt HD
Two great Captain 🏒
How did the bruins/Canes rivalry start?
Flames and Canadians design
I’m new to nhl where do I start?
Does Slafkovsky want out of Montreal? --- expresses irritation in Slovak-language interview ---
How Did You Choose Your Favorite NHL Team?
What are your opinions on rooting for more than one team?
Imagine putting up a career high 105 point season, and finishing 2nd on your team in scoring.....by 107 points..
subscription options
Adam Fantilli
(Mods do your thing if you must) Hi, I’m doing a research project for my college english class for which I’m studying the effects of the culture of toughness in hockey, it’s origin, and the effects pro players portrayal of toughness affects players at a younger level.
Leafs!
Glow in the dark jerseys
Draisaitl smacks Trouba's stick after gwg
Unpopular Opinion
Watch Tage Thompson goals so far in this season😍
American players are slowly becoming my fave stars in the league.
it's getting out of hand.
Is he okay
Conspiracy theory
Congratulations Florida on your loser point.
“Cold” - Patrick Kane HD
Tony DeAngelo what are you thinking? 🤦‍♂️
According to this NHL.com article, Penguins Associate Coach Todd Reirden has helped his teams to 12 consecutive postseasons - a feat no other NHL coach has accomplished
I changed my mind about Vegas RR jerseys
Paul Coffey, Wayne Gretzky and Mark Messier.
Am I the only one who hates this logo
NHL teams design
Shiny new things.
Thoughts on Jukka Jalonen?
As requested by my Habs fans, here’s my latest watercolour sketch of Kirby Dach’s recent goal celebration! Hope you like it. 🙏😁 🎨
Went to my first hockey game at 37 years old. Had an overtime and got to see a fight up close!
The advertising creep.
How is started vs how it's going
Favorite team
Someone asked on here or r/hockey why the NHL doesn’t try putting games on American Thanksgiving. These numbers are why.
NHL.com trophy tracker article
Do’s
Jason Robertson
Retro Sweaters
Wild think Toronto goalie Matt Murray intentionally dislodged net
How is the fit for the official NHL t-shirt merch?
Fuck NHL Network. Does anyone truly have it?
What Jersey Team Do You Think The NHL Should Do Next?
Which player has surprised you the most so far this year?
Just became a hockey fan
Just double checking, this is Osgood, right?
Is Bedard going to be a generational player?
The Seattle Kraken are 12-5-3, they just beat the Vegas Golden Knights 4-2. We buying or selling?
Storylines of 2022-2023 season
Oilers @ Rangers @ 11 am! Every player I can think of that played for both teams!
Dickinson hit on Slafkovsky
For those of you who have been to several arenas, which is your favorite?
Controversial Opinion: goalies should be eligible to be checked when handling the puck outside the crease
Montreal goes 3 for 3 in the shootout
What are the most intense rivalries?
I just love them so much 🥺
Looking for your opinions on the best Rock’em Sock’em Hockey.
Happy Birthday NHL!
Who has impressed/disappointed the most
Which country has the better roster
Dear NHL
What’s going on with the Oilers this season?
Creative Players?
Nick Suzuki shootout goal
Today's action
selaNnE'S record breaking celly
Vegas Golden Nites with the Miller Golden Draft Jerseys tonite
Is This New Jersey Devils Team Similar to The 2002 Oakland A's Moneyball Team? (Ft. Jersey Joe)
On-Demand Games on ESPN+
Fun Fact
What's Up with Nazem?
Here’s some of my recent watercolour paintings! Which is your favourite goalie mask? & Which mask should I paint next? Thanks 🙏😊
Do Blues fans believe Bortuzzo hit Vasilevskiy on purpose with intent to injure him?
any game is better than no game
Angry fan at the Leafs game
Thanks for nothing, Sportsnet.
For those new to hockey, welcome to the best sport in the world!
Why are some teams wearing white-away jerseys at home?
Catty ex-Hab Mathieu Perreault attacks former teammate Joel Armia: "he doesn't put in the effort"
Berggy for the hall?
Absolute legend. You will always be forever remembered by Leafs nation
R.I.P Börje Salming
Montreal Canadiens goalie Jacques Plante surveys the ice without a mask during a game between the Canadiens and the New York Rangers at Madison Square Garden. Plante was the first NHL goalie to wear a goaltender mask on an everyday basis, a practice he started during the 1959-60 season.
When playing ice hockey, what parts of the body get tired the most?
Tribute to borje salming and leafs season update
Vegas fighting when its 5-0 is so pathetic. The game is over, you got your ass kicked. Fighting is just little dick energy trying to make it with the hot chick, ain’t gonna happen go home already.
Question about Salary Cap
Elite NHL Superstars Scoring Sick Goals 2022-2023 Season
Was Habs catty ex-equipment manager Pierre Gervais right about players preferring Luke Richardson?
Looks like Bridgestone had some flooding overnight.
Free ticket for the Hawks game today. In Chicago? DM me
Shift charts
Sometimes when..
Brought this sign to the Sharks Sens game on Monday in honor of US Thanksgiving
Golden Night Tickets (Also F Ticket Master)
New Jersey fans throwing debris onto ice after 3 no goals
Open Letter to NHL re: Digitally Enhanced Dasherboards During TV Broadcasts
I got to meet the legend Jari Kurri! Thank you so much for signing my painting ! 😊🙏 🎨
Most popular NHL team in West Virginia?
That's A Bold Strategy Cotton
Seattle missed a big opportunity.
Reverse Retro Shipping
Bonus Episode: Discussing The Effectiveness of The New Jersey Devils' Defense (Ft. Jersey Joe)
Upsetting news. RIP
Gritty is fr the cracked out version of Youppi 😂😂
New Jersey fans throw trash on the ice
NHL Black Friday Sale - 30% off sitewide with code NHLBF at NHLshop.com
Which playoff teams will miss the 2023 playoffs
Which players do you expect to score less points next season?
NHL.TV Question
Are all these back-to-back games causing more injuries?
Why do teams wear their away jerseys at home and allow the visiting team to wear their home jerseys?
Need help picking a team.
🍁=💩
2022/23 Unequivocal First Ballot HOF Active Player Watch
Referee messed up the call NJ vs TOR
If playoffs were to start today…
Here’s my recent watercolour portraits of all my goalie masks this year! 😊 Which one is your favourite? And which mask should I paint next? Thanks
Courtesy: Sportsnet
Not all games streamed on Kayo Sports
Neon Jersey Concept pt3
Low level to NHL
Ryan Reaves to MIN
Anaheim's First Regulation Win!
The last 5 mins of that Devils v Leafs game looked like Stanley Cup game 7
Jesperi Kotkaniemi has 12 points in his last 50 games (playoffs included)
Bobby Orr - 1970
The six Sutter brothers, Ron, Rich and Brent (top row) Duane, Brian and Darryl (bottom row) in Viking, Alberta
Best way to watch recorded out of network games?
Gordie Howe and Ted Lindsay in the locker room at Olympia Stadium in Detroit. Howe, Lindsay and Sid Abel were known as "The Production Line" and the trio finished first, second an third in scoring during the 1949-50 season.
[Michael Russo] Reaves told me he’ll probably delete this off his Instagram 😀
broken sticks
When the NHL went to the big house: Gordie Howe and the Red Wings played their first outdoor game against inmates at Marquette State Prison in Michigan on Feb. 2, 1954.
New Golden Era
NHL.TV app
Why should I choose your team?
Not enough people are talking about the Ducks
NHL fan that don't live in a city with a team. Where are you from and who do you cheer for?
NHL app worthless
New Jersey: Score a legal goal challenge (impossible)
No games?
Opinions on the Devils game? Robbed or Justified?
Oilers @ Islanders tonight @ 530 - Every player I can think of that played for both teams though I'm sure I missed many
Kraken fans. Who did you cheer for before the krakens?
These five players changed the game of hockey.
Patrice Bergeron, Sidney Crosby, and Corey Perry of Team Canada celebrate their gold-medal win after beating Team Russia at the World Juniors on Jan. 4, 2005, in Grand Forks, North Dakota. Canada defeated Russia 6-1.
Wolverine is canonically a fan of the Flames and Habs
Do you follow players to new teams?
Thoughts on the Winter Classic
NHL Network games
Wayne Simmonds was placed on waivers. Where do you see him ending up?
Inside the Evander Kane bankruptcy: 'A vicious cycle of loan after loan'
Which should i give up in my pool?
Habs' ex-AHL coach furious at Habs ex-equipment manager for his catty vindictive little book
Goat territory 1000 🐐🔥
Sports Unfolded NHL rankings
Bruins royalty 🤴🤴🤴🤴🥅🏒
The Mount Rushmore of the Montreal Canadiens
I make beer league hockey cards for your most underachieving hockey player at home. Go to my etsy page to see more examples and pick one up for your late-night beer chugging warrior!
Just some hats I thought any 90s fans would enjoy. Credit to my attic
From completely unconscious to completely heroic. Paul Kariya.
Nick Suzuki or Tage Thompson
What the hell is going on with a Toronto? Disallowed three Devils goals so far. One a ticky tack judgment and the other two should definitely been allowed. They just sick of the Devils destroying Canadian teams?
should Scheifele be the captain of the Jets?
Class of 2015 top point leaders by year 2050 FMH8
Hi! I’m mostly a casual when it comes to hockey, and my brother and his friends started a fantasy league. So I was wondering if there were any underrated players that I should look for tomorrow (draft day)
How is Ryan Reaves in the NHL
Interesting shootout win
New York Rangers vs LA Kings Play-by-Play and Reaction
slowly moving up in the standings
Me getting my hopes up for another leafs OT
UK Fans, where can I watch the NHL?
Wow! So exciting to see a new top 3 in the Atlantic!
Michkov can’t go there… Torts… Michigan…
A little hockey riddle who will solve first?
we need that win point
Any Tampa fans at tonight's game
NHL Power Rankings | Hockey Gambling Podcast (Ep. 98)
Cal Clutterbuck Appreciation Post
Jake Allen Save % not against the Red Wings this season
Got Mats Sundin to sign my paintings! What a memorable experience! ☺️ he was so fun to watch when I was a kid! Thanks so much for signing my portraits of you! 🎨
Which team has surprised you the most so far this season? For me, it’s the Boston Bruins or the New Jersey Devils.
Crosby carrying the penguins this year
Oilers Vs. Devils - Shared Players I can think of
who's call is this
Which conference is better? East or West?
Boston Bruins this season 🔥
What are other fan bases' thoughts on the Seattle Kraken as a franchise, their team, and their fans?
Jack Campbell took a puck to the face on the bench
isn't it always right around the corner?
Only thing better than watching the ______ win, is watching the _______ lose.
Yes 100% without question
Watching from Orlando, I’m nervous, lol 😩
Why won't some players quit man even when they're washed?
If each team was only allowed to draft players from in and around their respective areas, what teams would dominate? Which other teams would flop?
The Seattle Kraken's SVP of Social Impact and Gov't Relations, Mari Horita, sits down with The Minority League to discuss the team's engagement efforts.
How do they come up with the faceoff probabilities?
NEON jersey concepts
I'm kinda disappointed in NHL fans
How Canada invented ‘American’ football, baseball, basketball and hockey - CBC Sports
Who has the best goal chant/song?
Hockey arena with a “front porch” club box
Neon Jersey Concept pt2
What kind of numbers is Leon Draisaitl putting up without McDavid?
Former habs equipment manager Pierre Gervais certainly can't be accused of being a graceful, dignified man
Canucks and Jets fans who do you hate more Flames or Oilers?
On this day in 1979, 51-year-old Gordie Howe and 18-year-old Wayne Gretzky faced each other for the first time in their NHL careers.
Who's cutting onions? Barky passes to Huberdeau in the warm ups, reminisce about their 10yrs together, first game as opponents
Did they write up the pre game overview a week ago?
If the Boston Bruins played the New Jersey Devils today, who wins? And why?
What player/team do you dislike the most and why?
Disgusting Goal by Nathan MacKinnon against former teammate Kuemper
Alex Goligoski, in his 1,000 career game, scores the game winning overtime goal
Teams that don’t interest you or don’t excite you even though some are good?
What’s the NHL team to support? (I’m new and never watched or know anything about it)
Anybody else just see Cole Caufield tie the game with 1.9 seconds left 👀👀 from someone from the rivalry team…. that was insane! 🔥
Nick Suzuki shootout goal
Deslauriers vs Xhekaj
Found this puck I got from 8 years ago, signed by Dan Daoust. Does anyone know the value?
How do I get my teams logo (flair?) under my name in the sub?
The Mount Rushmore for the Detroit Red Wings
Connor McDavid Roofs The Overtime-Winner After Breezing Past The Golden Knights' Defence
[Silver] With this morning’s Owen Tippett signing, the #Flyers are now basically right up against the cap, with McEwan and Allison left to sign, although the latter might start in AHL 2022-23 Philadelphia Flyers Bottom 6 Team Top 6 in Salary
Caps Suffering
Which logo is better?
Which logo is better?
Which logo is better?
Sorry Flyers fans…
from the vgk game Phil 1k
How are the Detroit Red Wings doing thus far?
Ice Hockey, the fastest and most exciting winter game in the world, got its start on the east coast, in Windsor, Nova Scotia. After developing for seventy-five years in Nova Scotia, it began to spread to the west coast; a trip which was to take an amazing fifteen years.
Who has the ugliest color combination in the NHL?
Which logo is better?
Do we have the first (1982?) interview where "skate to where the puck is going to be..." was used?
Which nation will next produce their first NHLer?
Looking for NHL team to root for:
The future of Bo Horvat?
Best Hockey documentaries?
So, apparently the new Prime green jerseys are the Adidas standard now, and they are complete ass.
please nhl
Do you guys think the Devils can beat the Pinguins' 17 game winning streak?
Erik Karlsson Dominance
This surprised me
What good team do you think in recent history gets overlooked
Jeffery bomber got me banned on NHL 23 how does that get you banned?
Old school hockey cards - my grandfather gave me all of his old cards and out of boredom I went through them. I was shocked by Gretzky. These worth anything?
How are official in-game stats recorded?
Next 1111
NhL
Fluke or legit: Boston, Vegas, and New Jersey?
It was an honour to meet the Dominator, Dominik Hasek! He was unstoppable in the 98 Nagano Olympics. Thank you for signing my painting! 🎨
Amazing Goals By NHL Players Under 22 This Season
What is the best line of this century?
My latest painting. Do we think he deserves to be in the Hall of Fame?
tell me the best active captain in the NHL and the best Captian in NHL history.
My awards thus far:
Podcasts/Analysis
Game 7 Stanley Cup finals on the road you can pick any goalie in his prime who you got ? (The Dominator for me Hasek 3️⃣9️⃣🇨🇿🥅🏒)
Congrats to Phil!
has anyone ever heard any stories of someone being offered the captain position and turning it down?
Worst NHL goalie of all time?
I don’t understand the whining over the board ads
Fuck the NHL
Another sweater???
It was an honour to meet Mike Modano. He was one of my hockey idols that I loved watching on TV as a kid! Thank you for signing my painting! 🙏😊 🎨
Got on the jumbotron with my buddy in a preseason game. Just got the footage. Felt like a fun share!
Sharangovich scores in OT and the Devils are now on an 11 game win streak.
who is the best captain to never win a stanley cup? Had all the qualities to be stanley cup champion but the team as a hole just didn't have that it factor to go all the way or something unexpected happened.
Xhekaj hit on Foudy
Sorry Leaf’s fans! That was a wild game! Great Hockey!
Oddest Pieces of Goalie Equipment
Tell me the worst Active NHL captain and the worst captain in NHL history.
What team has the worst goaltending
What channels are VHL and MHL hockey games aired on in Russia? I’m trying to watch them outside the country
If the NHL gives out a silver stick for playing in 1000 games, is Kessel getting a gold one for 1000 straight games?
Top 25 unrestricted NHL free agents: Who signed, who's still out there?
Who is a player that you underestimated until you saw them live? For me it was Taylor Hall. I went to a Edmonton vs Calgary game and I couldn’t take my eyes off him. So fast and powerful. He hit a one-timer so hard I thought it was going to go through the boards.
Question
Anaheim Ducks Sign John Klingberg
what's the best save of all time?
I got my stick signed my Darnell Nurse and Devin Shore from the Edmonton Oilers at WEM!
Who has the better goaltender duo, Dallas or Boston?
POV you touched McDavid's knee
The End of Fighting?
Canucks vs LA Unwatchable. Not for the reason you think!
What’s your favorite saying?
Which underrated player do you guys think is going to make the biggest jump in production entering next season?
just like a back up goaltender team should have 1 back up forward and 1 back up defense. that only play if a player gets injured and can't return to the game. so a team isn't short a player.
An 18 year old Wayne Gretzky has been cloned and enters the NHL Draft and your team selects him. How does your first season go? Your next 5?
Why doesn't NHL teams use an extremely large (or wide) people to play as goalkeeper
What are some of the main things that get you thrown out of a face off?
The opposite is true for the leafs
NHL Exec. Keith Watchel's New Interview in Ad Age on digital ads: "We had literally one five-second glitch that people love to put up on Twitter."
Early Chicago Blackhawk Game 1930s?
There should be color rush games
who should own the cup incase of a move
Who is Leon Draisaitl's NBA or NFL equivalent?
Who I think should have gone to HHOF 2022
[Scott Matla] Arber Xhekaj launches Liam Foudy into the bench
Who could seriously win the Calder this year besides the popular choices?
What happens after a generation of Crosby and Ovi's
Would I be a bandwagon?
If you were going to be drafted
Thoughts and opinions on the New Jersey Devils D core
Yesterday’s post about gambling ads being a cancer was on point but this is bullshit too…. (Please forgive my day drinking grammar).
Everyone moans about the ads - The REAL issue is the betting websites/promos
John Tortorella’s most peaceful interview
Jack Hughes (left) & Cole Caufield (right) circa 2011 at The Brick Invitational
Detroit Losing already against the Sharks. Had a great dat til now
Jake Sanderson is looking real good.
Advice for new fan
How to buy reverse retro in Canada
Black Friday
Who has the better upside between Jack Hughes and Stuzle ?
Petition to have the commentator who’s calling the Rivalry Series on TSN replace Leah Hextall
Puck at last night’s Panthers game 🐀
Just watched the end of the Blues game
The new Minnesota reverse retro team vehicle
Patrick Casseau Roy 🥅
Locks?? Honest opinions boys
Anyone remember the Senators game versus NY where Carkner and Dubinsky were tossed after the incident with Brian Boyle? What are your thoughts about 3rd man in in that scenario?
Hall of Fame 🏒🥅
Can anyone help me find this?
Who's your team's worst player
Hischier or Suzuki I’m having a Debate with a friend who’s the best like who you taking on your team .
MSL will not only change the Montreal Canadiens but coaching as a whole.
Sports Unfolded NHL rankings
Why are HFC jerseys limited to USA on NHL Shop and Fanatics? More info in comments
How to find game threads.
Can a European who is under-20 player forego the draft and sign wherever?
NHL app radio playback issue.
If you could start a Franchise with one Core, from the past 20 Years, you’d you pick?
It’s awesome meeting your favourite players you grew up watching, but even more special when they see their portraits in person! 🥹 Thanks so much for signing my painting Teemu, it was an honour meeting you! 🙏
Question about going to my first event
All 3 would be their leading scorer...
Metal band Amon Amarth's poster for thier upcoming show in Toronto
Does the way Wright has been scratched/ the Kraken’s development plan affect the chances he re-signs in Seattle?
Something that I noticed on the second goal for the flyers today.
Who is the best power forward in the game right now?
Is it just me or are these both off center? (ESPN)
Which number has the best players right now?
When you're only a fan of 1 player on a team
My great Grandfathers game worn jersey from the 1949 Stanley cup finals
Sad day. Poor Muzzin 😥
Iconic saves!
Billy Smith, Kelly Hrudey, and Rollie Melanson.
Matt Murray is ‘expected’ to play vs. his old squad tonight. Is he bringing that 1 game GAA down?
Has anyone else just kinda.... Stopped watching games because the digital ad boards constantly changing during play and being animated annoys them to much? Or is it just me...
Who's your team's top player
With Injuries Mounting, Maple Leafs Should Place Faith in Two Young Swedes
What past playoff series do you feel deserve more attention
Interaction --> Canucks & Devils fan🤣
Who are the top 10 players in the NHL current?
Devils Still Streaking, How Long Can They Go?
I need help
Is there more fighting this year, or is it just me?
What are some good resources to learn about NHL systems and strategies?
Hey Hyundai!
What's the difference between an NHL quality goalie and a ECHL goalie?
Vegas Golden Knights Prospect Watch for November 2022 | Vegas Hockey Hub
Islanders Spotlight: JG Pageau – Lord of the Face-off Dot
Episode 47:Flyers Lead Play by Play Man Jim Jackson Talks Flyers,Flyers Offseason,Phillies and More
Columbus Blue Jackets uniform confusion
My theory on the next wave of PP The quarterbacks ⬇️
WHERE IS DON CHERRY [HNIC Tribute 10.15.22 Response]
Episode 268: What Are The Bruins Doing? NHL Suspensions and PK Subban Joins ESPN
Minnesota Wild prospect Jesper Wallstedt scores an empty net goal.
First tie game in a long time.
Should Connor Bedard be considered “The Next One”?
Legit vs Overperforming (top 5 teams in the NHL)
Why can't you wear a fishbowl mask in the NHL unless injured?
No lead is safe…
NHL Power Ranking Rankings According to Points per Game - As of November 13th 2022
What a game, so glad the sharks could come out with a win in a close 2-2 game
Chychrun to the Maple Leafs?
Call me a dumbass all you want but here's my early prediction for where everybody's gonna place this season. What would you guys change?
Best hockey documentaries and shows? Ex. Quest for the Stanley Cup, Big Shot, Kings Ransom
NHL Sophomores: Who's Slumping and Who's Soaring
I found why Russian players are reluctant to speak out against Putin! Just think that some of the hatred Ovi gets is unwarranted.
Is it just me or does Alfredsson look like Frank Costanza?
Possible hot take here… I don’t believe in game management by refs, I think if there is a wide margin in plays that should be called, they should just call it and not try to make it more fair.
Possiblity of results for games tommorow.
Jack Eichel Is Finding His Peace With the Las Vegas Golden Knights
Toronto tributes all time great Börje Salming
What did the Lightning just do to the Capitals?!? https://youtu.be/k3Xxa2_SqvM
More blackout complaints.....
Off the boards goal exploit IRL.
Guess ties are back?
Coaches Decision to swap Penalty Shot for Power Play.
Working on a cross stitch banner of every NHL teams logo, 2/32 complete.
Börje Salming's return to Toronto means the world to us as Leafs fans. If it's okay, I want to share an interview that I got to do with him a few years ago. It was honestly one of the highlights of my career and, frankly, my life. He's my favourite Leaf of all time, and a true legend.
When You First Discovered the NHL, Who Was Your Favorite Player?
Merch for Europeans
Thought you guys would enjoy this from last night.
What team has the best future
I’ve never seen this before, so what does it mean? Like a delayed penalty?
What younger players have potential to catch Ovechkin/ Gretzky in goals in the future?
New hockey fan coming in peace - help me choose a team!
1950s A yong Ken Dryden looks terrified in goal.
Is Boston's Marchand/Bergeron/Pasta line the best 3 man unit of the modern era?
ESPN+ question
My buddy has bad takes?
Stanley Cup final bet. What 2 teams and how many games
mitch marner as a penguin
Don't want Bedard anymore eh?
Love these new digital jersey ads.
Josh Anderson on Pietrangelo punching him after the hit
90s Whalers!
Need some help! Someone has scored a goal in NHL by carrying a puck in their pants to the goalie zone and then scramble the puck in. Who was it? Ryan Smyth? I could find it on YouTube.
Call ME a dumbass, but here is the correct tier list for this NHL season.
Tim Hortons NHL Trading Cards 2022-2023 pulls 😍😍
Great sweaters seen at the Nashville/Colorado game last night.
Wait a minute...
is there a place where I can find regular season over time powerplay percentages?
My standings for the season
Aube-Kubel gets 3 games for the head shot on Cal Foote
Huge cheers for Salming as he makes emotional return to Toronto
uaj
What player has no business playing in the NHL right now?
Why even have the goalie crease on the ice, if it no longer matters?
Hmm ? 🤨
A Canucks fan's dilemma
NHL and NHLPA announce there will be no World Cup of Hockey
Mack Loves This Team
https://youtu.be/a6Jsz1vgsBQ
Newcomer here to hockey…why are tickets so expensive?
Late birthday present trip to see Avalanche for the first time was unbelievable. Then by a crazy lucky chance, I got to meet the Cup the next morning. Best. Birthday. Ever.
Did we completely underestimate these teams?
new to nhl
Nick the goalie
Any current nhl’ers that we could rename the trophies after?
City of Tempe to put proposed Arizona Coyotes arena on May 2023 special election ballot
Draisaitl making a tinkle in Canes box
How do you guys think the legal change of in 2004 the capitals picked Evgenii Malkin
As an Norwegian NHL fan i have access to every game trough Viaplay, but why is so hard in America with the region locked games?
How do you go from making the playoffs to being behind two of the worst teams in the league, like wtf the blues are at the bottom right now
Players that still don't wear a visor?
Which team do you think is currently overachieving right now and won’t make the playoffs?
What's you're guy's favorite goal horn?
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMFPwRGom/
Werenski out for season for Blue Jackets with shoulder injury
Where can I buy a jersey with a player’s name on the back for a reasonable price?
More distracting?
The State of NHL Content on Social Media (or Lack of It)
Biggest NHL Diva?
Worst idea ever introduced to the NHL
Best Pittsburgh Penguins 2nd Line Since Malkin's Rookie Season?
Leah Hextall has to go... Cassie Campbell-Pascall a million times better
Which starting 6 would you rather have IRL this season? The ‘son’s or the ‘ov’s???
Feed Not Available on NHL.TV on Google TV and Xbox
'It hurts my heart': Former classmate of Mitchell Miller says NHL prospect bullied him for years
Anyone know how to watch NHL Network without Cable?
Anyone know why bleacher report doesn’t have correct stats?
One of the Caps top prospects is making a big impact
welp, so much for watching the Kraken and Wild
Bluey at PHL @ CBJ
Its getting worse....
Brendan Gallagher’s least chaotic shiff
Finnish Liiga advertising as a response to the earlier post about UK hockey! Not great here either.
P.K. Subban joining ESPN as NHL analyst
Oh lord they’re really calling him koochie
for a team that spends so much on offence the Toronto Maple Leafs sure struggle to score!! hahaha
Is there any advantage to being picked #1 in the draft?
March 1, 1972 - Vic Hadfield vs Bob Stewart the linesman in need of medical attention.
I'm from Indiana, what team should I support?
Advertising - you think it’s getting bad in the NHL. Check out the state of the ice in the UK!
In response to the two previous posts about advertising on ice I present you Czech Extraliga – pics 1&2: O2 Aréna in Prague, pics 3&4: Werk Aréna in Třinec (richest club in CZ, so they have ads only in the middle zone)
Does Ovechkin have a real shot at 895?
Longer OT vs Shootout
Is there anything more annoying than stupid nicknames like… Maple Laughs, the Rags, and Cindy Crosby?? These are by far the bottom of the barrel fans that use names like that.
Let's see how many times I still get fooled by a "Pierre LeBrun Parody" this trade deadline
I might become a fan of a different sport
Week 4 Power Rankings
Stats For a Given Date
Life as a NJ Devils fan…
Top 10 2022 Reverse Retro Jerseys. Which one is your favorite?
1954/55 - Rocket Richard looks like he could kill Ivan Irwin who was a tough customer, dubbed ‘’Ivan the Terrible’’. Irwin is 90 years old today and still going strong. Gump Worsley have his mind somewhere else.
If they still existed, it would be something like this 😭
Rink Board Advertisements
Can someone smarter than me (and with more time) calculate how much money each hockey fan would have to pay the NHL to get rid of the board ads?
NHL.TV / NHL, where are our $$$ discount refunds?
Nashville Predators Must Consider Turning to Kevin Lankinen More Often
New Fan- Which team should I root for??
Why does the NHL refuse to call it a “Michigan”?
If you could change any rule in the NHL, what would it be?
More Creative Jerseys
I Just Wanna Watch Fucking Hockey
Seen on twitter account of the HDA about Michell Miller
So I obviously have heard about hockey, but this is the first time going into a game or even seen a game period, and we got a puck!! Needless to say I’m hooked! Just trying to watch games is close to impossible without a stupid subscription :(
I might have asked this before but I can't remember so I'm asking again
Looking for line combinations from 21-22 season
Toronto Maple Leafs, Stanley Cup Champion 1942.
Juraj Slafkovsky game misconduct
It won't be changed
The Problem with the Mitchell Miller Everyone-Deserves-A-Second-Chance Argument
Ryan Reynolds on potentially buying Sens: 'Hockey is interesting because I know the rules'
ECHL Atlanta Gladiators donning Thrashers sweater
Oilers' Kane on LTIR, out 3-4 months - TSN.ca
Did you catch the Maroon/Kane interaction? Massive puddle of blood on the ice
Why are the Golden Nights in 1st not 2nd?
Best wishes to Kane.
Why am I paying for SN Now when all the games are blacked out?
Perspective on how long Gordie Howe's Career was
except for carolina, i didnt expect any of these teams to be doing this well. anyone else surprised by how inconsistent so many teams have been or surprised by how well under dogs have been playing?
Mr. Guy Lafleur 🏒
Slafkovsky suspended 2 games for his hit.
Can we all as a hockey community write emails or letters of support for Isaiah, and send them to HDA, to show him that we stand behind him and all victims of bullying and harassment? That last line broke me :(
Worst part about board ads
The Vancouver Canucks goaltending situation
Seating Preferences for a Game?
Well, that could be a deadly combination!
Who has the best/worst alternate jerseys in the NHL?
Demko and Campbell with a combined .882sv%
Will Ottawa Senators get rebranded after the sell
That hit on Luff was friggin nasty man!
Kevlar gauntlet sleeves... bear with me
Where can I watch the games?
Islanders Top 5 Goals So Far
Rangers Fall to Islanders – Is it Time to Panic?
Not sure how this makes sense.
Carolina Brushes off Adversity
Average McDavid goal
Sports Unfolded NHL rankings show
Sports Unfolded NHL rankings
More playoff trivia questions
What’s the best streaming service to watch all NHL games?
If your favorite team(s) won’t win the cup, who do you hope does, and why?
Coach's Challenge
Kane out 3-4 months
Trivia question (no cheating)
two gloves no stick.
In your opinion – who is the greatest player of all time?
Why doesnt this Subreddit have live threads?
Sabres release new uniforms
How to become a more knowledgeable viewer?
Were you saying Boo or Boo ruins?
decided to make sport card coasters with basecards...
Remember that handsome coaches ranking? I decided to do my own version
What is your hottest NHL take going into the season?
Which 10 active players would you like to ...
The Morning Skate on Twitter
Hey hockey, thanks